#summary Proposed changes, overall direction of the project.
#labels Featured,Phase-Design

=Project Roadmap=

A non-binding list of future changes, thoughts and more about the direction of the Simple-!LinkedIn class.

<wiki:toc max_depth="2" />

<p align="right"><g:plusone size="medium"></g:plusone></p>

----

==Upcoming Changes==

Changes and additions that are planned for inclusion in a future version of the library:

===Near-Term===

  * Add `createPostComment()`, `deletePostComment()` methods, which were overlooked when adding the other Groups API methods in [ReleaseNotes#Version_3.2.0 version 3.2.0] (v.3.2.1).
  * Break up functionality of 'followPost()' by adding `unfollowPost()` method, which will standardize the following/un-following of posts along with companies, etc (v.3.2.1).
  * Break up functionality of 'likePost()' by adding `unlikePost()` method, which will standardize the liking/un-liking of posts along with shares, etc (v.3.2.1).
  * Rename and deprecate `comment()` method to `createUpdateComment()` to better distinguish it's use (v3.2.1).
  * Rename and deprecate `comments()` method to `updateComments()` to better distinguish it's use (v3.2.1).
  * Rename and deprecate `like()` method to `likeUpdate()` to better distinguish it's use (v3.2.1).
  * Rename and deprecate `likes()` method to `updateLikes()` to better distinguish it's use (v3.2.1).
  * Rename and deprecate `unlike()` method to `unlikeUpdate()` to better distinguish it's use (v3.2.1).

===Long-Term===

  * Publish unit tests for the class (v4.0.0).
  * Remove all deprecated methods/parameters (v4.0.0).
  * Ability for Simple-!LinkedIn to co-exist with both the stand-alone OAth class, as well as the [http://pecl.php.net/package/oauth PECL OAuth] extension, depending on which is installed (v4.0.0).

<p align="right">[RoadMap#Project_Roadmap ^ Top]</p>

==Wish List==

  * Inclusion of the Simple-!LinkedIn library as a [http://pecl.php.net/ PECL] extension.

<p align="right">[RoadMap#Project_Roadmap ^ Top]</p>